---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering Week 10
---


**What did you do this past week?**: This week we met with Professor Downing in order to show him our project progress. We also talked about regular expressions (regex) and some of the ways we can use them. I believe we continued going over SQL stuff, like subqueries as well. I missed Monday or Wednesday this week (can't remember), so I've been trying to get the facts straight but I'm not too worried. Regular expressions aren't very complex, but they aren't easy to read. In general our group project is going fine, but we seem to be getting our grade killed by a technicality which is really aggrivating. 

**What's in your way?**: On our project we have media (pdfs, pictures, twitter feeds, etc), but we keep getting deductions for not having media because our aggregate tables don't have pictures. I suppose there is an argument for this, although it's not explicitly stated in the spec, but it's annoying because a lot of our implementation doesn't lend well to pictures, and is more data oriented.

**What will you do next week?**: Finish the next phase of the project. We've already divided the portions out, and were lucky enough to finish some of the prereqs last phase too, so I'm not too worried. This week specifically I'll be working on pagination and filtering, neither of which I expect to have trouble with.

**What's my experience of the class?**: Nothing different than the previous weeks, although I do wish we could get a more concrete requirements list for the project phases. Actually if we could have access to the media on canvas beforehand, or more detailed comments on project grades, that would be great.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**: At this point, I bet a lot of people in SWE are probably running out of lab disk space. 2GBs is kinda small whenever we have classes with big repos/data. If you want to continue using the machines without wanting to die from constant disk cache full messages, be sure to run Disk Usage Analyzer to see whats taking all your space. You can then remove the things you don't need so you can go about your day. Protip: delete your chromium/firefox/chrome caches, depending on which ones you don't use. They get big for no reason, and really just waste space if you're not frequently using that broswer. Especially chromium, as it appears to no longer be supported by the lab machines.
