---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering Week 9
---


**What did you do this past week?**: This week we went over more database esque things. I must say I do not actually think at lot of this is hard, but its definitely foreign material for me. In addition to that, my group finished the second phase to the project. It actually went really smoothly this time around. We had a good sense of who was good at what, and even though we all had different things to do in the week, we managed to get things planned out to finish with time to spare. I specifically handled most of the testing as well as cleaning up the site aesthetics. 

**What's in your way?**: I feel like a few members of our group have handled a lot of the more technical portions of the project (setting up flask, getting the hosting working, establishing our data base). I'm greatful for that because it's helped me prioritize other things, but at the same time I feel like I'm missing out on some of the experience I should be getting. I'm hoping that by being more proactive in the next phase I'll be able to rectify this.

**What will you do next week?**: Nothing I hope. I don't believe there is any major assignment coming up for this class, so I'll be focusing on other subjects. Primarily Algorithms.

**What's my experience of the class?**: Nothing has changed so far. I still feel out of my element due to the subjects we're talking about right now, but in general I can not say that there is anything I haven't expected yet. 

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**: I'll mention two things. First, registration is coming up, and I really think everyone should try to take Don Batory's Software Design if you're able! Actually, I think taking Sofware Design before Software Engineering has been great for me personally, as I learned all I needed to about UML from the class. I believe it's technically recommended you do it the other way around, but if you have friends tell them to give it a shot before SWE. I'd also like to mention SDL_net, which is a means of networking a program together with another instance (think server client relations). Specifically maybe try looking into NetManager, which was a wrapper for SDL_net by a student in the GameTech course. It's really cool to see your program working with other copies of itself live.
