---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering Week 8
---


**What did you do this past week?**: This week we got test scores back. They were meh, but I suppose beggars can't be choosers, I'll need to do better on the next one though. We also talked more about the database side of software engineering, going over some of the row and column based relational stuff. We talked about joins (cross join, theta join, etc.) and implemented some of them. All of this was pretty new for me as I've never taken any class that deals with databases, so I'm a bit behind the curve. I also missed Monday thanks to oversleeping with a cold, so I've got some catching up to do.

**What's in your way?**: This week we need to finish up the next phase of the project. I was gone all weekend at a family event, so I really want to do something big with the website sometime soon. I want to leave my mark on the project you know? Aside from that I need to catch up with what I missed last week. I feel like I only understand half of whats been going on in class lately and I can't have that.

**What will you do next week?**: Hopefully nothing. After this week I should only be worrying about registration for next week, I shouldn't have any obligations, tests, or interviews so it'll be a good chance to unwind and reground myself for the remainder of the semester.

**What's my experience of the class?**: I'm not sure what to think about all the database stuff. On the one hand, I think this is useful to know for general software engineering, so I believe I should focus on it hard. On the other hand it's a bit different from what we usually do so I'm having so trouble wrapping my head around it.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**: HackTX is this upcoming weekend, and anyone who doesn't have some cool Halloween plans should totally check it out. I don't know if they're still taking competitor registration, but volunteering is the next best thing and it's a really fun experience. You'll get to work with a lot of big company's technologies and APIs. It's almost like a more fun version of the career fair, so for anyone still looking to interview this is the place to be. I won't be going this year (other plans), but it's super fun every time I've gone (3 years so far) and you can get some cool swag too! Not to mention if you can come up with a cool idea/program, the prizes are awesome.
