---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering Week 12
---


**What did you do this past week?**: This week we got to visit the realm of Java! I have to say, as most of the classes I've taken here at UT are in C/C++, it's so refreshing to spend some time talking about Java again. Java wasn't the first language I learned, but it was the first one I'd say I became proficient in. So anytime the topic is in Java, I suddenly feel ahead of the curve. This weeks lecture talking about  inheritance was one hundred percent easy mode for me, simply because I know Java more than any other language.

**What's in your way?**: Unfortunately, once again my groups project grade is lower than what it should be. I will say that it's somewhat annyoing to lose points, again, for something we did, but at the very least the TAs are reachable and we should be able to get it fixed after another meeting. Gonna be a bit of a squeeze what with the holidays coming up and us only having a week, so I'm hoping this works out.

**What will you do next week?**: Turkey! I am going to do nothing this week... is what I'd like to say. But I'll probably have to work on a project for another class, and maybe look into some refinements for the project in this class next due the week after. Hopefully though, I can just relax and take some time to work on personal projects. I must say I'm very much looking forward to the winter break, if for nothing more than I'll have much more time to work on the things I want to.

**What's my experience of the class?**: I've been actively trying to improve my SQL skills, after feeling for awhile that I'm inadequet. I wanted to spend a lot more time on it last week, but last week was surprisingly busy. I don't intend to look into more this week, but I do think that I've improved somewhat, and it's made my experience of the class more positive. Since we were pretty fimrly in my comfort zone this last week in class (as far as topics and knowledge goes), I'm in a pretty good mood.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**: So I'm sure everyone has heard of Unity, the game engine, but has anyone actually like tried to use it? For another class we've been allowed to switch from Ogre to Unity for a project, and some of the things we've found have been so cool and useful that I never want to go back to purely programmatic game dev ever again. We really wanted to make something cool with a procedural generation, and sure enough we found several guides that went super indepth for exactly what we wanted.
