---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering Week 7
---


**What did you do this past week?**: This week I was mostly preparing for Downings test on Thursday. I want to say it went worse than expected, but I'm not sure how the grading will go. While doing the coding portion I just kept having issue after issue, despite having code that should have worked. That being said the multiple choice went great, so we'll see how the balance each other out. Hopefully this won't hurt too bad.

**What's in your way?**: Now that the test is out of the way, my team needs to meet again for the project due after this week. I'm super rusty at this point since I haven't touched the site in awhile. Not to mention I want to contribute more to this phase, because I mostly only handled the "administrative" stuff last time. Don't want to come off as a leach, afterall. 

**What will you do next week?**: Again I'll mainly be working on the project. I'm finally at the point in the semester where I've mostly caught up on everything. I've finished all but one of my big interviews, have several offers so I don't need to stress about doing more, and just finished the 1st/2nd round of tests for most classes. I'm really looking forward to finishing IDB part 2 so I can have a relax week.

**What's my experience of the class?**: I don't like the way we did this test. I think the multiple choice portion is fine, but I hate coding on Hackerrank. I can't debug my code well enough on the platform to get a feel for whats wrong. It's funny, because you actually can debug fine on Hackerrank, but the way the test was written it wasn't possible. If we could allow us to see our output for code, so I can realize "oh I forgot this edge case", then it'd be perfect.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**: Everyone should learn how to use CEGUI! It's nothing new or revolutionary, but it'll be useful if you ever want to do game development, or maybe just want to make your program look nicer.
