---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering Week 5
---


**What did you do this past week?**: This week we went over some more python rules. We talked about adding to collections, as well as demonstrated how certain means of doing a single task are faster or slower depending on how you do it. For loops are faster than for each loops, while loops, and iterators, but if python has a built in method it's usually fastest, since it's probably done in C. My team also finished our website for the first submission milestone.

**What's in your way?**: We need to actually add meat to the website now. We figured it'd be easier later on, so we implemented that for the first project, so it won't be an issue. But we will need to actually flesh our a backend for the API.

**What will you do next week?**: Over this next week most of our lives will be pretty busy, what with it being interview season and all. I have no intention of working on anything SWE related this week. However the following week I'll be preparing for the test.

**What's my experience of the class?**: The same as always. I'm fairly used to downings teaching methods, so I know what to expect. 

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**: For anyone who hasn't, I highly recommend looking into Amazon Alexa development. Not only is it cool to see it respond to your vocal commands, but if you publish an alexa skill Amazon will send you an alexa for free. If you publish three they'll give you AWS credit and send you another alexa. It's a very cool program that I think everyone should check out.
