---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering Week 13
---


**What did you do this past week?**: This week we got to listen to other groups presentations! I thought it was pretty interesting seeing what other groups decided to make, so I was pretty happy about it all. Seeing so many groups do fun topics like Overwatch or Esports was really cool too, I didn't realize how many people in our class were into that sort of thing. Aside from that, my group didn't really do anything else last week. We made sure the site was good to go and applied a few finishing touches, but thats all really. 

**What's in your way?**: I have been sick for the past four or so days, and it's really starting to effect me. I wanted to go to the doctor first thing monday, but both of my project presentations are on that day, so I've had to push it back to Tuesday. I'm so ready to get over this already.

**What will you do next week?**: As I mentioned earlier, I have to present two different projects for two classes (including this one) this week, so I'm a little worried about that. I also have to worry about the final test on Thursday. After doing the math, I actually don't need to stress too hard over it, but I'd like to get a decent grade in the class so I want to dedice the appropriate amount of time towards it. Unfortunately, I really don't have much time to give left. The other project I'm presenting isn't done, but rather we're presenting a "beta", and then need to finish it up by next week.

**What's my experience of the class?**: I think the class has been useful in general. I feel like depending on your group will determine how much you learn. I think I learnt an okay amount, but know I could have got more out of the projects. 

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**: Instead of talking about tech stuff, I thought I'd mention that everyone should go see Justice League. I know it's been getting a ton of bad reviews, but if you actually look at what people think of the movie instead of critics, the scores are much higher. Personally I thought it was pretty good, could've used more screen time for some of the new characters and the CGI sucked, but overall I thought it was fun.


**Overall thoughts of the class**: In general I don't think theres any reason not to take this class. I've said this since last semester when I took OOP, but Downing's classes in general are useful for learning if you're willing to take the projects as far as they can go. The lectures themselves are almost always interesting. Downing's enthusiam, or rather just his quirkly mannerisms are great and really make lectures fun. My only critique of the class would be that grading sucks. Not that it's undeserved, but the quizzes will always kick your butt. You'll be happy to see you got 4/6, only to realize that's still a 66%. The drops are nice though, and I feel that the extra quizzes plus the last 6 or so quizzes are all easy, so they should help you bring your grades up. The only reason I would avoid taking this class is if I was already in another project intensive class (speaking from experience, it's really not fun to have that much out of school work).
