---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering Week 11
---


**What did you do this past week?**: This week I was primarily focused on the project. We managed to get most of the points we lost back after talking to the TAs for the previous project, but we wanted to try to get an even higher score for the next part. I specifically handled more unit tests, pagination, and filtering. We already had sorting working so we got a pretty relaxed week, although there were some unexpected issues on the day the project was due.

**What's in your way?**: I feel like I'm more going through the motions of understanding than understanding the material we've been talking about lately. It's not that I don't get it, because I do understand the idea, but if you asked me to write it out I wouldn't be able to do it. Because of that, I want to kind of begin to really get into the material. I don't want the next test to be bad or cause me stress, so I think this is probably for the best.

**What will you do next week?**: As I mentioned above, I'll be starting with some of the earlier material - beginning with the sql stuff, and going over it all to try to truly understand it. I want to get to the point where I can write one of the subqueries without having to think "is this correct"?

**What's my experience of the class?**: I feel behind, and I don't like that, so I'm looking to change it. Nothing has changed as far as the class goes though. 

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**: I've been told by several people that to help learn SQL, you should check out W3Schools. I've occasionally passed by the site when googling questions before, but I was surprised to see so many people recommend it. Turns out, it's actually pretty decent, or at least simple enough to understand I think.
