---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering Week 2
---


**What did you do this past week?**: We discussed different means of testing our code in Python, why you shouldn't rely on Asserts for user error checking, and talked about the Collatz problem. We also went over strategies for handling the Collatz problem.

**What's in your way?**: Having done this exact project before in the past, but in C++, I'm quite certain that I know how to do the project optimially without much effort. However, one issue I can see raising is my lack of knowledge of Python. It isn't a C based language so I'm somewhat apprehensive towards using it.

**What will you do next week?**: I will begin work on the Collatz project. Having worked on a variation of it before for OOP, I'm fairly confident in my abilities to complete it swiftly.

**What's my experience of the class?**: I was fairly bored this week, but thats no fault of professor Downing. Unfortunately already knowing the optimal solution to the first project meant I didn't get to pick up much from this weeks classes, but I'm sure once we move towards project 2 I'll be much more engaged.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**: If you haven't already, I think you should definately start researching what companies will be attending the career fairs. Being able to go up to a recruiter with some knowledge of what they do leaves a great impression, and looks a lot better than asking "so what does your company work on". Be sure to update your resumes and start printing things out early. Also if you were invited to the HACS, ABCS, or FoCS networking events; GO TO THEM. I got so many interviews last year just because I talked to the recruiters at their specialty events. Even companies I had no business getting recruited by gave me the time of day, just because I'd seen the recruiter four or five times by the end of career fair week! Don't forget to stop by the Engineering Expo if you have the chance. We may be CS, but we compete for the same jobs as EE/CE majors, and their career fair is just as useful for finding a job.
