---
layout: post
title: Software Engineering Week 6
---


**What did you do this past week?**: This week we talked about generators and lambdas. How generators are only iterable once, and they don't perform their calculations until you actually begin to iterate over them. For example creating a generators with the formula 5x + 2 won't actually multiply x until you start to list it out or call next on the generator. Conversely you can use maps or one line functions to do the calculations on the fly, and create a collection that is inexhaustible. 

**What's in your way?**: This week I need to focus on the test we will be having on Thursday. I'm kind of worried because I recall Downing's tests last year to either be extremely hard or fairly easy. I've heard that he made the switch to some sort of multiple choice format last semester, so I'm hoping we get to take that as it sounds much more realistic than the OOP tests I took.

**What will you do next week?**: I have two interviews out of state next week, as well as I believe the second phase of the project being due. Its looking to be pretty busy and I can't wait for November when interview season is over. It really sucks having to balance these things and preparing for them with my classwork. 

**What's my experience of the class?**: Nothing different from previous weeks.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**: If you haven't, look into the SDL library for C/C++. I've had to work with it for a project in another class, and while it took some getting used to it's really cool. I think everyone should have some idea of how to use it for sound playing in apps.
